
Todo:
  Goals:
    ☐ More practice with react and gatsby
    ☐ more practice with animate on scroll
    ☐ more practice

  
Notes:
  Day 1 - 14/10/2021
    ☐ Well it was a rough start i wont lie. It took me a long time to find inspiration and get started. The good news is that i do have something to work with
    ☐ The idea is a plant shop with a website that lists their products.
      ☐ Similiar to foxhub it will list info about various plants
      ☐ The first section will list various plants that you can click on to display a popup that will show more information about that plant.
        ☐ As you scroll down the page more of these will appear
        ☐ Each of these items should have a corresponding page you can go to
      
      ☐ That's all i have as an idea at the moment but im sure I can come up with other things to add here.
      ☐ Overall, i'm happy i have something up and running and was able to get back on track.
  
  18/10/2021
  ☐ hortology.com has more or less the exact same design as i am currently building. I am going to carry on as the point is to practice the actual creation of the design than the originality. It will still be different but it uses the same large image at the top and the images that you can click on to view a modal with product details.


To-Do:
  General:
    ✔ Resize the header image, its 28mb @done(11:58 - 18/10/21)
  
  Section 1:
    ☐ Get rows of 4 in place
    ☐ Design plant info sections
    ☐ Load Items on Scroll
      ☐ Spent a lot of time on this today (15/10/2021) and I haven't gotten too far. The good news is that I can create the same functionality with a click pretty easily so I have an out if I can't get this to work. I also have another option of just using a scroll event listener to check for the bottom of the page. So, not a lot of success but I did spent a lot of time getting to know hooks so it wasn't a total waste of time. However, i don't want to get bogged down so i'll give myself another half day to figure it out, if I can't then i will use one of the aforementioned outs.
    ☐ Bootstrap has a modal, use this isntead of the custom popup


  Footer:
    ☐ In the absence of ideas, add a footer to the bottom of the page.
      Maybe this will inspire something as i come up with ideas.